fix(#459): remove confusing vendor/tenant wording (#465)
w3c/distributed-tracing: spec/20-http_header_format.md

**Note**: Identifiers MUST begin with a lowercase letter or a digit, and can only contain lowercase letters (`a`-`z`), digits (`0`-`9`), underscores (`_`), dashes (`-`), asterisks (`*`), and forward slashes (`/`).

> In a distributed application where different components may be traced by different instances of the same multi-tenant tracing system, the system SHOULD keep the system ID at the end of the key. For example, `001@xyz` where `001` is the ID of the specific tenant within the tracing system and `xyz` is the tracing system identifier. This makes for fast and robust parsing. For example, by searching for all instances of `@xyz=` a tracing system can easily find all keys made by system `xyz`.

Reviewer: This section currently uses two different terms: "vendor" and "tracing system" - it may be good to use one for consistency. In other words, The section starts with "The key is an identifier that describes the vendor." but then switches to "system ID" with this change. Should we start the section with something like "The key is an identifier of a tracing system."?

> In a distributed application where different components may be traced by different instances of the same multi-tenant tracing system, the system SHOULD keep the system ID at the end of the key. For example, `001@xyz` where `001` is the ID of the specific tenant within the tracing system and `xyz` is the tracing system identifier. This makes for fast and robust parsing. For example, by searching for all instances of `@xyz=` a tracing system can easily find all keys made by system `xyz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the key, a multi-tenant tracing system MAY include the identifier of a tenant of the tracing system. In such a case, the key will have two components: the identifier of the tenant and the identifier of the tracing system. The tracing system SHOULD keep its identifier at the end of the key. An example of such a key is `001@xyz` where `001` is the ID of the specific tenant within the tracing system and `xyz` is the tracing system identifier. This makes for fast and robust parsing. For example, by searching for all instances of `@xyz=` a tracing system can easily find all keys made by system `xyz`.
```

> In a distributed application where different components may be traced by different instances of the same multi-tenant tracing system, the system SHOULD keep the system ID at the end of the key. For example, `001@xyz` where `001` is the ID of the specific tenant within the tracing system and `xyz` is the tracing system identifier. This makes for fast and robust parsing. For example, by searching for all instances of `@xyz=` a tracing system can easily find all keys made by system `xyz`.

Reviewer: Should we describe more about the @ character: is that an example or are we specifically saying that tracing systems SHOULD use @ as the separator?

Reviewer 2: +1 to this. We only allow one `@` sign for this reason

Reviewer 2: since it's errata, may not ned to change the ABNF definition. But in main we can even call section after the `@` sign as `tracing-system` explicitly

Author: In main we currently describe _less_ about the `@` character and we allow more than one. For this change, I can describe more what its meaning is, but it was removed for a reason I assume.

Reviewer 2: >  we allow more than one. 

do we? We only allow one per key, correct?

Author: No, we don't have any restrictions in `main`
